simplistic , silly and tedious . 
it's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny . 
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable . 
[garbus] discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation . 
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification . 
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i'd care to count . 
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time . 
not so much farcical as sour . 
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script . 
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 
a sentimental mess that never rings true . 
while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . 
interesting , but not compelling . 
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies . . . footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . 
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that don't care about being stupid
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro's right-hand goombah . 
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us " the skulls " and last year's " rollerball . " enough said , except : film overboard ! 
here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha . 
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material . 
the execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl . 
on its own , it's not very interesting . as a remake , it's a pale imitation . 
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there's a little girl-on-girl action . 
a farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it isn't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films . 
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . 
the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks . the rest of the film . . . is dudsville . 
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender — and i know this because i've seen 'jackass : the movie . '
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters . . . 
the movie's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . killing time , that's all that's going on here . 
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . yep , it's " waking up in reno . " go back to sleep . 
somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates . 
the action clichés just pile up . 
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . 
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies' underwear . 
another useless recycling of a brutal mid-'70s american sports movie . 
i didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived . 
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . 
most of the problems with the film don't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
 . . . if you're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch freaks as a matinee . 
curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary . 
though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set . 
there's no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited -- again . 
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it's hardly watchable . 
analyze that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film's successes , with a few new swings thrown in . 
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout . . . by which time it's impossible to care who wins . 
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom . 
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs . sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . 
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 . 
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced . . . it's a pity that [nelson's] achievement doesn't match his ambition . 
everything is off . 
when seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , i wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , 'hey , kool-aid ! '
an easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character . 
imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . 
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 
forget the misleading title , what's with the unexplained baboon cameo ? 
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . 
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere . 
pascale bailly's rom-com provides amélie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest . 
a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes . 
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost . 
 . . . a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . before long , you're desperate for the evening to end . 
the characters are never more than sketches . . . which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 
mattei's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . 
only in its final surprising shots does rabbit-proof fence find the authority it's looking for . 
isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it . 
 . . . plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director can't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . in fact , it doesn't even seem like she tried . 
maybe leblanc thought , " hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . " 
what you expect is just what you get . . . assuming the bar of expectations hasn't been raised above sixth-grade height . 
barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
the biggest problem with roger avary's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director's cut glory , he's made a film that's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything . 
so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along . 
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise . 
earnest but heavy-handed . 
if sinise's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over . 
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one . 
there's a reason the studio didn't offer an advance screening . " the adventures of pluto nash " is a big time stinker . 
a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters . 
takes one character we don't like and another we don't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isn't very funny . 
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just won't fly with most intelligent viewers . 
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity didn't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . 
sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . 
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . 
with this new rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment . 
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . 
sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers . 
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute . 
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd . 
feels like a cold old man going through the motions . 
dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ? 
dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
there's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan's prefeminist plight , so we're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity . 
beware the quirky brit-com . they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental . 
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots . 
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag . 
completely awful iranian drama . . . as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque . 
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess . 
there's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance . 
directors john musker and ron clements , the team behind the little mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they aren't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space . 
adam sandler's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted . 
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . 
it's all pretty tame . the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it . 
the movie is a mess from start to finish . 
the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . 
i'm not saying that ice age doesn't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life . 
in the telling of a story largely untold , bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar . 
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it's also too stupid to realize that they've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
terminally brain dead production . 
some episodes work , some don't . 
beautifully filmed and well acted . . . but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics . 
j . lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she's a pretty woman , but she's no working girl . 
rymer doesn't trust laughs -- and doesn't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects . 
not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were . 
wow . i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time . 
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . 
it's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding . 
watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but boyd's film offers little else of consequence . 
it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 
'ejemplo de una cinta en que no importa el talento de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y , por momentos , deplorable . '
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . 
the problem is not that it's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes . the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material . 
there's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever . 
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 
a processed comedy chop suey . 
as spent screen series go , star trek : nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there's nothing to drink . 
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix . 
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in . 
an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters . . . margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing . 
everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify . 
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff . 
the cameo-packed , m : i-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise . . . then mike myers shows up and ruins everything . 
it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van . 
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about . 
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . it never is , not fully . 
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time . 
one lousy movie . 
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 
plodding , peevish and gimmicky . 
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . 
oozes condescension from every pore . 
solaris " is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 
the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism . 
 . . . hypnotically dull . 
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch . 
it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense . 
an awful lot like one of [spears'] music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 
[h]ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by . 
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 
it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like my big fat greek wedding
by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull . 
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest . 
 at its best , it's black hawk down with more heart . at its worst , it's rambo- meets-john ford . 
exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos . 
calculated swill . 
this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low . 
director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two . 
you might be shocked to discover that seinfeld's real life is boring . 
it's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time . 
walsh can't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in janice's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm . 
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired . 
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject . 
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent . 
one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history . 
there's nothing to gain from watching they . it isn't scary . it hates its characters . it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers . 
fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique . 
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense . 
thoroughly awful . 
 . . . ice age treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that won't win many fans over the age of 12 . 
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience . 
the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch . 
truly terrible . 
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary . 
it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff . 
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses . 
it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too . 
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr . , but there isn't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative . 
fluffy and disposible . 
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show . 
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . an exit sign , that is . 
holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp . 
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 
a feature-length , r-rated , road-trip version of mama's family . 
what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between . 
stealing harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . 
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . 
there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening . 
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor . the result might look like vulgar . 
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands . 
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky . 
it's an 88-minute highlight reel that's 86 minutes too long . 
the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) . 
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . 
with the exception of mccoist , the players don't have a clue on the park . the acting isn't much better . 
the whole affair is as predictable as can be . 
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes . 
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell . 
a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre's most enabling victim . . . and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers . 
star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy . 
[n]o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 
every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol . 
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself . 
ver wiel's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless . 
despite a performance of sustained intelligence from stanford and another of subtle humour from bebe neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich new york intelligentsia - and its off
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual . 
gaghan . . . has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story . 
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis . 
[p]artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . the catch is that they're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders . 
'you'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . you'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter . . . '
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance . 
parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core . 
the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more alienating than involving . 
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . 
a lack of thesis makes maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special . 
the worst film of the year . 
by-the-numbers yarn . 
without shakespeare's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish . 
if h . g . wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin's reworked version , what would he say ? 'it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
during the tuxedo's 90 minutes of screen time , there isn't one true 'chan moment' . 
bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie . 
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . it's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied . 
the most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 miles to graceland . 
the film can depress you about life itself . 
i'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché . 
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . 
the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel . 
sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer . 
here's my advice , kev . start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line . 
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom . . . you'd be wise to send your regrets . 
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental . 
unfortunately , it's also not very good . especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie . 
it wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it's not all new , at least it looks pretty . 
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum . 
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say . 
all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence . 
a big fat pain . 
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , harvard man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic . 
watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . 
aan opportunity wasted . 
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . 
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved . 
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they isn't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . 
mild , meandering teen flick . 
though its atmosphere is intriguing . . . the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression . 
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we've seen before . 
although it tries to be much more , it's really just another major league . 
astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild . 
one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou . 
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 
to better understand why this didn't connect with me would require another viewing , and i won't be sitting through this one again . . . that in itself is commentary enough . 
cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 
diane lane's sophisticated performance can't rescue adrian lyne's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing . 
not at all clear what it's trying to say and even if it were – i doubt it would be all that interesting . 
storytelling feels slight . 
[swimfan] falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . 
this remake of lina wertmuller's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero . 
silly , loud and goofy . 
why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
the french director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing . 
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy . 
the pool drowned me in boredom . 
it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commercialism . 
it's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one . 
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity . 
there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . 
die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with . 
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr . murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . 
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent . . . could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . 
it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , " look at this ! this is an interesting movie ! " but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid . 
bad company . bad movie . just plain bad . 
it's not only dull because we've seen [eddie] murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed . 
avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book . 
a poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda . 
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side , longley's film lacks balance . . . and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context . 
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the " saving private ryan " battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 
it's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun . 
 . . . jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just isn't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead's specific gifts . 
this follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric peter . 
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? there's no good answer to that one . 
this slow-moving swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party . 
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that doesn't make much sense even on its own terms . 
there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 
this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . 
this is amusing for about three minutes . 
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed . 
it's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from " promising " to " interesting " to " familiar " before landing squarely on " stupid " . 
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video --with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes . 
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why . 
there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending . 
it won't harm anyone , but neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it . after all , it'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies . 
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . 
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors' workshop that it is . 
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who haven't read the book . 
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts doesn't mean it's good enough for our girls . 
[carvey's] characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark . 
it's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through . 
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension . 
brown's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie . 
the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements . 
the script by vincent r . nebrida . . . tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . 
the story is so light and sugary that were it a macy's thanksgiving day parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away . 
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 
only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate . 
cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying . 
every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . frank mcklusky c . i . is that movie ! 
it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller . 
[a] soulless , stupid sequel . . . 
 . . . a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers . 
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . 
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 
in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage's war-weary marine . 
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd . 
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script . . . that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire . 
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail's pace . 
and if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy ! 
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
it's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere . 
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . 
an infuriating film . just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense . 
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions . 
as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness . 
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand . 
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . 
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time . 
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 
this film biggest problem ? no laughs . 
less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan . 
that the chuck norris " grenade gag " occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is . 
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm's performance , the film would be a total washout . 
it's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it's well worth a rental . 
i can't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents . . . 
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david's point of view . 
throw smoochy from the train ! 
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you don't care who fires the winning shot . 
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free . 
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation . 
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . 
to paraphrase a line from another dickens' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers don't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types . 
the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today's hollywood . 
an extremely unpleasant film . 
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again . 
a sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale . 
wait for it to hit cable . 
ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies . 
a high-minded snoozer . 
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives . 
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it . 
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point . 
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into . 
[at least] moore is a real charmer . 
john carlen's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling . 
labute can't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : he's changed the male academic from a lower-class brit to an american , a choice that upsets the novel's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film . 
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus . 
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes . 
unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes . 
a film that loses sight of its own story . 
adam sandler's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash . 
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . 
few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director neil burger follows up with are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering barry's terrific performance . 
gets better after foster leaves that little room . 
the movie is as padded as allen's jelly belly . 
resident evil isn't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail . 
a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps . 
 . . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche . 
bluto blutarsky , we miss you . 
innocuous enough to make even jean-claude van damme look good . 
it's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that . 
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . but i had a lot of problems with this movie . 
execrable . 
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special . 
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . 
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . 
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence . 
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
it's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat . but the second half of the movie really goes downhill . 
paxton's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre . 
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair . 
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work . 
let's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 
it's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful . 
alternately frustrating and rewarding . 
it's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure . 
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . 
swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . or intelligent . 
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . 
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died . 
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit . 
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . but fans of the show should not consider this a diss . consider it 'perfection . '
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing . 
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon won't be disappointed . 
i don't even care that there's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff . it's still terrible ! 
children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers . 
it's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil' bow wow . 
peralta's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight . 
amazingly dopey . 
a close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late . 
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds . 
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . 
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . 
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley's flopping dolphin-gasm . 
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning . 
mr . soderbergh's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . 
do you say " hi " to your lover when you wake up in the morning ? 
it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks . 
banal and predictable . 
'yes , that's right : it's forrest gump , angel of death . '
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching . 
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points . 
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces . . . positively dreadful . 
a generic international version of a typical american horror film . 
 . . . while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
crikey indeed . 
lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s . 
there's a lot of good material here , but there's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it . 
absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man's navel . 
if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick . 
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down . 
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild . 
the next big thing's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut . 
yet another iteration of what's become one of the movies' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally " superior " friends , family . . . 
bond-inspired ? certainly . likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ? let's hope not . 
this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines . 
davis has energy , but she doesn't bother to make her heroine's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly . 
surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . 
none of this is very original , and it isn't particularly funny . 
 . . . a bland murder-on-campus yawner . 
a humorless journey into a philosophical void . 
these two are generating about as much chemistry as an iraqi factory poised to receive a un inspector . 
responsável direto pelo fracasso 'artístico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox não consegue sequer aproveitar os pouquíssimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade . 
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 
a passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor . 
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches isn't exactly endearing . 
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives . 
in the book-on-tape market , the film of " the kid stays in the picture " would be an abridged edition
ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 
it's just a little too self-satisfied . 
clever but not especially compelling . 
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service . 
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable . 
labute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public . 
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 
brisk hack job . 
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher . 
alarms for duvall's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks . 
…the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material . 
what little grace [rifkin's] tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics . 
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel . 
unfortunately , kapur modernizes a . e . w . mason's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks " the four feathers " bare . 
 . . . what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie's reality and stifling its creator's comic voice . 
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences . 
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory . 
low rent from frame one . 
eight legged freaks ? no big hairy deal . 
the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it's impossible to care . 
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . 
the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare . 
'this movie sucks . '
none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him . 
 . . . bibbidy-bobbidi-bland . 
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics aren't likely to enter the theater . 
bad in such a bizarre way that it's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste . 
there's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie . 
hugh grant's act is so consuming that sometimes it's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are . 
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . 
i've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama . 
what we get . . . is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons . 
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake . 
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger's sex life , it already has one strike against it . 
there are now two signs that m . night shyamalan's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs . 
 . . . hokey art house pretension . 
